---
layout: post
title: Origin
image: 2019-04-17-Origin.jpg
tags: []
description: >
  Why did I make this, who am I and what will I put here?
noindex: true
---
&nbsp;

#### Why did I make this site?

I managed to land a job which gives me a nice amount of free time. I want to use that time effectively. I like the idea of using my free time effectively, but uni made me into a professional procrastinator... I need motivation and certain hooks into my life to drive myself forward. Regular writing can provide those to some extent. Plus, it gives me a way to track and document the progress of my projects.

#### Who am I?

*	Some Z-gen dude named Phyl.
*	Currently in my 20's.
*	Has a molecular bionics engineering BSc.
*	Learnt some mechatronics but needed to leave uni because of personal matters. (Intends to go back tho')
*	Can't decide personal writing style, changes between 1st and 3rd person (would be interesting to write in 2nd person about myself)
	*	But definitely prefers tabs over spaces. (won't judge if you don't... but why?)
*	Uses this post to learn some [markdown](https://www.markdowntutorial.com/).

#### What will I put here?

Everything I think is cool and should be shared with the world. I always aspired to be more of a well rounded person than an extreme specialist so this includes many fields of interest.
1.	I'd like tech, science and engineering, so that's coming for sure.
	*	I am currently getting into Linux, might want to organize my knowledge by producing articles about the basics.
	*	Programming (the same thing is true)
	*	Random builds and project documentations
	
2.	I like training and martial arts so writings and training logs are also coming.
3.	I might write about my favorite beverage (tea).
4.	Other things that pique my interest.


